split up ecsql reference into indiviual files, remove iframed iModel … (#6377)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/learning/ECSqlReference/ECSqlParameters.md

# ECSQL Parameters

> ECSQL support named and positional parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECSQL supports named and positional parameters.
```

## Named parameters

> Name parameter can be use to bind parameter by name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Named parameters can be used to bind a parameter by name.
```

Syntax: `:<parameter-name>`

```sql
SELECT * FROM [meta].[ECClassDef] WHERE [Name] = :className
```

## Positional parameters

> Positional parameter are bind by position from left to right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Positional parameters are bound by position from left to right.
```
